README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/RedHatInsights/trust-frontend.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/RedHatInsights/trust-frontend)

# trust-frontend

The purpose of this page is to act as a centralized resource via a vanity URL that can be accessed unauthenticated to enable prospective adopters of Insights to learn more about what security measures and controls we have in place. This page should be a high level so it can be available for our users (sysadmins) while also functional approvers such as Management or Security teams who need to approve usage.

## Getting Started

There is a [comprehensive quick start guide in the Storybook Documentation](https://github.com/RedHatInsights/insights-frontend-storybook/blob/master/src/docs/welcome/quickStart/DOC.md) to setting up an Insights environment complete with:

- Insights Frontend Trust App

- [Insights Chroming](https://github.com/RedHatInsights/insights-chrome)
- [Insights Proxy](https://github.com/RedHatInsights/insights-proxy)

Note: You will need to set up the Insights environment if you want to develop with the trust app due to the consumption of the chroming service as well as setting up your global/app navigation through the API.

## Build app

1. ```npm install```

2. ```npm run start```
    - starts webpack bundler and serves the files with webpack dev server

### How it works

- any push to the `{REPO}` `master` branch will deploy to a `{REPO}-build` `ci-beta` branch
- any push to the `{REPO}` `ci-stable` branch will deploy to a `{REPO}-build` `ci-stable` branch
- any push to the `{REPO}` `qa-beta` branch will deploy to a `{REPO}-build` `qa-beta` branch
- any push to the `{REPO}` `qa-stable` branch will deploy to a `{REPO}-build` `qa-stable` branch
- any push to the `{REPO}` `prod-beta` branch will deploy to a `{REPO}-build` `prod-beta` branch
- any push to the `{REPO}` `prod-stable` branch will deploy to a `{REPO}-build` `prod-stable` branch
- Pull requests (based on master) will not be pushed to `{REPO}-build` `master` branch
  - If the PR is accepted and merged, master will be rebuilt and will deploy to `{REPO}-build` `ci-beta` branch


## Running locally
1. Edit package.json and change appname from `trust` to `insights`:
```
  "insights": {
    "appname": "insights"
  },
```

2. Have [insights-proxy](https://github.com/RedHatInsights/insights-proxy) installed under PROXY_PATH and run
```shell
SPANDX_CONFIG="./profiles/local-frontend.js" bash $PROXY_PATH/scripts/run.sh
```

3. Run `npm start`

4. Point your browser to https://prod.foo.redhat.com:1337/security/insights

Commit message:

Adds start:proxy, running the frontend without proxy terminal 🤯🥑💌 (#235)
fixes https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ADVISOR-1624

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/RedHatInsights/trust-frontend.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/RedHatInsights/trust-frontend)

# trust-frontend

The purpose of this page is to act as a centralized resource via a vanity URL that can be accessed unauthenticated to enable prospective adopters of Insights to learn more about what security measures and controls we have in place. This page should be a high level so it can be available for our users (sysadmins) while also functional approvers such as Management or Security teams who need to approve usage.

## Getting Started

There is a [comprehensive quick start guide in the Storybook Documentation](https://github.com/RedHatInsights/insights-frontend-storybook/blob/master/src/docs/welcome/quickStart/DOC.md) to setting up an Insights environment complete with:

- Insights Frontend Trust App

- [Insights Chroming](https://github.com/RedHatInsights/insights-chrome)
- [Insights Proxy](https://github.com/RedHatInsights/insights-proxy)

Note: You will need to set up the Insights environment if you want to develop with the trust app due to the consumption of the chroming service as well as setting up your global/app navigation through the API.

## Build app

1. ```npm install```

2. ```npm run start```
    - starts webpack bundler and serves the files with webpack dev server

OR 

2. ```npm run start:proxy```
  - starts webpack bundler and serves the files with webpack dev server and runs chrome proxy (prod env) (one less terminal required)

3. visit ```https://prod.foo.redhat.com:1337/insights/dashboard/```
### How it works

- any push to the `{REPO}` `master` branch will deploy to a `{REPO}-build` `ci-beta` branch
- any push to the `{REPO}` `ci-stable` branch will deploy to a `{REPO}-build` `ci-stable` branch
- any push to the `{REPO}` `qa-beta` branch will deploy to a `{REPO}-build` `qa-beta` branch
- any push to the `{REPO}` `qa-stable` branch will deploy to a `{REPO}-build` `qa-stable` branch
- any push to the `{REPO}` `prod-beta` branch will deploy to a `{REPO}-build` `prod-beta` branch
- any push to the `{REPO}` `prod-stable` branch will deploy to a `{REPO}-build` `prod-stable` branch
- Pull requests (based on master) will not be pushed to `{REPO}-build` `master` branch
  - If the PR is accepted and merged, master will be rebuilt and will deploy to `{REPO}-build` `ci-beta` branch


## Running locally
1. Edit package.json and change appname from `trust` to `insights`:
```
  "insights": {
    "appname": "insights"
  },
```

2. Have [insights-proxy](https://github.com/RedHatInsights/insights-proxy) installed under PROXY_PATH and run (if not running start:proxy)
```shell
SPANDX_CONFIG="./profiles/local-frontend.js" bash $PROXY_PATH/scripts/run.sh
```

3. Run `npm start`

4. Point your browser to https://prod.foo.redhat.com:1337/security/insights
